Bugfix return at least amounts (#27)
electrumpayments/billpay-service-interface: src/docs/devguide/hugo/site/content/release-notes.md

This page describes changes to the Billpay Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v4.8.1

Released 11 March 2020

> - Further updated implementation of `Amounts` with `BillpayAmounts` in v4.8.0 to be compatible with previous versions.

Reviewer: It's not an issue with API compatibility but just with the Java implementation thereof.
```suggestion
- Further updated implementation of `Amounts` with `BillpayAmounts` in v4.8.0 to be compatible with previous Java implementations.
```

## v4.8.0

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to identify:

- why this was deprecated  (specially to make it clear that the _API_ changes are not deprecated, just the Java implementation)
- which version should be used instead.

```suggestion
### Deprecated (Use v4.8.1 instead)

- The update to the Java implementation of this version resulted in a breaking change of the Java implementation. This has been fixed in version 4.8.1.
```

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: It just had a look at the swagger from v4.8.0 and it looks like the `amounts` field was dropped from the `PaymentRequest`, `PolicyPaymentRequest` and `TrafficFinePaymentRequest` models. Please also list that as a reason why v4.8.0 of the _API_ was deprecated and fix that.

This page describes changes to the Billpay Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v4.8.1

Released 11 March 2020

- Further updated implementation of `Amounts` with `BillpayAmounts` in v4.8.0 to be compatible with previous Java implementations.
- Fixed swagger generation to correctly include `BillpayAmounts` for following models:
  - `PaymentRequest`
  - `PolicyPaymentRequest`
  - `TrafficFinePaymentRequest`

## v4.8.0

### Deprecated (Use v4.8.1 instead)

> - The update to the Java implementation of this version resulted in a breaking change of the Java implementation. This has been fixed in version 4.8.1.

Reviewer: It also resulted in the `amounts` field being dropped from the payment requests. This is issue is more significant than the breaks to the Java implementation.

This page describes changes to the Billpay Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v4.8.1

Released 11 March 2020

- Further updated implementation of `Amounts` with `BillpayAmounts` in v4.8.0 to be compatible with previous Java implementations.
- Fixed swagger generation to correctly include `BillpayAmounts` `amounts` field for the following models:
  - `PaymentRequest`
  - `PolicyPaymentRequest`
  - `TrafficFinePaymentRequest`

## v4.8.0

### Deprecated (Use v4.8.1 instead)

- This version resulted in the following issues, which have been fixed in version 4.8.1:
    - a breaking change of the Java implementation for the `getAmounts` method in the following models:
        - `BillpayResponse` (extended by `PaymentResponse`, `PolicyPaymentResponse` and `TrafficFinePaymentResponse`)
        - `PaymentRequest`
        - `PolicyPaymentRequest`
        - `TrafficFinePaymentRequest`

>     - a breaking change to the API where the `amounts` field was dropped from the following models:

Reviewer: I'd rank this issue above the break to the Java implementation.
